If there is an exception to every rule, is there an exception to that rule?
Why do dogs like the smell of other dogs' butts?
How much deeper do you think the ocean would be if sponges did not grow in it?
How far east can you go before you are heading west?
Can a short person "talk down" to a taller person?
Would you rather be a giant rodent or a tiny elephant?
If you were to name one piece of clothing that describes you, what would you say?
If you had to eat a worm, how would you cook it?
How fast do hotcakes sell?
What makes the world go round?
What do people of China call their good plates?
If you were a fish, what kind of fish would you be?
How late is late?
If you had your human body, but the head of an animal, what animal would you pick?
If you were a vegetable, what vegetable would you be?
If you were an animal, what would you be and why?
If you could Choose your age forever, what age would you choose and why?
If you could Have 3 wishes granted, what would they be?
If you could Have an endless supply of any food, what would you get?
If you could Ask Christ to change one problem in the world today, what would you like him to change?
If you could Be an Olympic athlete, what sport would you compete in?
If you could Be in the movie of your choice, what movie would you choose and what character would you play?
If you could Be someone else, who would you be?
If you could Buy a car right now, what would you buy?
If you could Change anything about yourself, what would you change?
If you could Choose an imaginary friend, who would you choose and why?
If you could Choose, how would you want to die?
If you could Do your dream job 10 years from now, what would it be?
If you could Eat your favorite food now, what would it be?
If you could Eliminate one thing from your daily schedule, what would it be and why?
If you could Go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could Go back in time and change history, what would you change? Why?
If you could Go on a road trip with any person (dead or alive), who would you choose and where would you go?
If you could Have an unlimited storage of one thing, what would it be?
If you could Have any kind of pet, what would you have?
If you could Have any question answered, what would it be?
If you could Have one wish granted, what would they be?
If you could Invite four famous people to dinner, who would you choose and why?
If you could Learn any skill, what would it be?
If you could Live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
If you could Live anywhere on this planet, and take everything that you love with you, where would you choose to live? Tell the group about your choice.
If you could Live in any period of history, when would it be?
If you could Meet any historical figure, who would you choose and why?
If you could Replay a fun (or deep or big) moment in your life, what would you choose?
If you could Sit on a bench in a beautiful woods, who would you like sitting next to you on the bench and why?
If you could Talk to any one person now living, who would it be and why?
If you could Talk to anyone in the world, who would it be?
If you could Visit any place in the world, where would you choose to go and why?
If you could Watch your favorite movie now, what would it be?
If you could Watch your favorite TV show now, what would it be?
If you could Wish one thing to come true this year, what would it be?
If you could Go back in time with whom would you like to spend a day with?
If you could Go forward in time, what would you want to know?
If you could Be an animal for one day, what would you be and why?
If you could Read one person's mind, whose would it be?
If you could Meet a famous person, who would it be?
If you could Have one wish granted, what would it be?
If you could Visit any planet, which one would you choose and why?
If you could Live any time in history, what period would you choose and why?
If you could Add any word to the dictionary, what word would it be, and what would it mean?
If you could Only have one favorite food to eat for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could Trade places with one person, who would it be?
If you could Trade places with someone for 1 day, who would it be?
If you could Invite four famous people to dinner, who would you choose and why?
If you could Replay a fun (or deep or big) moment in your life, what would you choose?
If you could Have 1 wish granted, what would it be?
If you could Live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
If you could Go anyplace for Christmas, where would you go?
If you could Go on a road trip with any person (dead or alive), who would you choose and where would you go?
Have you ever Gone to Europe?
Have you ever Rode on a motorcycle?
Have you ever Lived in another state?
Have you ever Met a celebrity?
Have you ever Been to Disney World?
Have you ever Done a “For Sale by Owner” house?
Have you ever Planted a vegetable garden?
Have you ever Been a car salesperson?
Have you ever Planned a wedding?
Have you ever Installed a doughboy pool?
Have you ever Ridden in a limousine?
Have you ever Driven a riding lawn mower?
Have you ever Made a trip to a dump?
Have you ever Sent a man flowers?
Have you ever Participated in a marathon?
Have you ever Gone mountain climbing?
Have you ever Owned a water bed?
Have you ever Been to a chiropractor?
Have you ever Been a member of a sorority or fraternity?
Have you ever Participated in a beauty contest?
Have you ever Had a dog compete in a dog show?
Have you ever Been somewhere while an earthquake occurred?
Have you ever Been somewhere while a tornado took place?
Have you ever Been somewhere while a hurricane occurred?
Have you ever Been on a college sports team?
Have you ever Dressed up as a girl? (Question for guys)
Have you ever Dressed up as a guy? (Question for girls)
Have you ever Played an instrument?
Have you ever Been stranded in the rain?
Have you ever Won a trophy? What for?
Have you ever Seen a ghost?
Have you ever Locked yourself out of the house?
Have you ever Lost a member of the family while out shopping?
Have you ever Put something unusual in the refrigerator?
Have you ever Turned white colors pink (or another color) in the wash?
Have you ever Gone away from your home and left the iron on?
Have you ever Put your heel through the hem of a dress?
Have you ever Had your zipper break in public?
Have you ever Gone somewhere with two different shoes or socks on?
Have you ever Remembered an appointment after it was too late?
Have you ever Called a member of the family by another name?
Have you ever Been ready to bathe and found no hot water?
Have you ever Fallen up the stairs?
Have you ever Gone shopping for groceries and discovered you did not bring any money with you?
Have you ever Driven away from somewhere while a member of your party was still out of the car?
Have you ever Dialed a phone number and forgot who you called?
Have you ever Locked the keys in your car?
Have you ever Got into the car to go somewhere and forgot where you were going?
Have you ever Put something in the oven to bake and forgot about it?
Have you ever Been in jail?
Would you rather Visit the doctor or the dentist?
Would you rather Eat broccoli or carrots?
Would you rather Be a giant rodent or a tiny elephant?
Would you rather Watch TV or listen to music?
Would you rather Own a lizard or a snake?
Would you rather Have a beach holiday or a mountain holiday?
Would you rather Be an apple or a banana?
Would you rather Be invisible or be able to read minds?
Would you rather Be hairy all over or completely bald?
Would you rather Be the most popular or the smartest person you know?
Would you rather Make headlines for saving somebody's life or winning a Nobel Prize?
Would you rather Go without television or fast food for the rest of your life?
Would you rather Have permanent diarrhea or permanent constipation?
Would you rather Be handsome/beautiful and dumb or be ugly and really smart?
Would you rather Always be cold or always be hot?
Would you rather Not hear or not see?
Would you rather Eliminate hunger and disease or be able to bring lasting world peace?
Would you rather Be stranded on a deserted island alone or with someone you don't like?
Would you rather See the future or change the past?
Would you rather Be three inches taller or three inches shorter?
Would you rather Wrestle a lion or fight a shark?
Would you rather Skip Christmas for a year, or skip your birthday for a year?
Would you rather Do laundry for one week, or wash the car for one month?
Would you rather Live under water and swim with the fish, or be able to travel through space and touch the stars?
Would you rather Swim in a pool filled with Kool-Aid, or go ice skating on a mountain of frozen lemonade?
Would you rather Have magical powers to save the world, or be the strongest person in the world?
Would you rather Never be grounded, or have the option to stay up as long as you like?
Would you rather Have a dinosaur or a blue whale for a pet?
Would you rather Have a real Transformers car, or have a space shuttle in your backyard?
Would you rather Have 500 tarantulas crawling in your house or 1000 crickets jumping around your room?
Would you rather Like to live in Disney World or Sea World?
Would you rather Be forced to tell your parents the truth or lie to your best friend?
Would you rather Drink a glass full of liquid soap or eat 2 spoons of soap?
Would you rather Not watch television or not eat junk food for a month?
Would you rather Attend school at Hogwarts or live in Narnia?
Would you rather Have many acquaintances and no friends, or have only one or two close friends?
Would you rather Eat 2 rotten, squishy tomatoes, or eat a small can of dog food?
Would you rather Be the captain of a sports' team or be the school genius?
Would you rather Live without your computer or your television for the rest of your life?
Would you rather Rather be able to fly whenever you want or be invisible?
Would you rather Eat only vanilla-flavored ice cream for an entire summer, or eat any flavor, but for only a week of summer?
Would you rather Win a million dollars in lottery or never have to pay for anything ever again?
Would you rather Fly all over the world with your favorite celebrity or be marooned on an island with the one you love?
Would you rather Become a popular celebrity whom everyone hates or be a normal person whom everyone loves?
Would you rather Go about your normal day naked or have smelly breath and body odor for the whole day?
Would you rather Get noticed by the hottest chick at a party or have rock-hard abs?
Would you rather Be bitten by a radioactive spider or a vampire?
Would you rather Kiss a jellyfish or step on a crab?
Would you rather Have a beautiful house and an ugly car or an ugly house and a beautiful car?
Would you rather Be invisible or be able to read minds?
Would you rather Save a damsel in distress or take a pot full of gold?
Would you rather Wake up with a different face with the same gender, or a different gender with the same face?
Would you rather Be remembered with hatred or forgotten altogether?
Would you rather Age from the neck up only or the neck down only?
Would you rather Have a very droopy eye or a lisp?
Would you rather Eat anything and never get fat or read people's mind?
Would you rather Tell that special someone you love them and risk losing them or never tell them how you feel and suffer inside?
Would you rather Have 3 wishes in 10 years or 1 wish today?
Would you rather Visit the world 100 years into the past or 100 years into the future?
Would you rather Never have sex or never find true love?
Would you rather Find true love or win 10 million dollars?
Would you rather Be rich and ugly or poor and beautiful?
Would you rather Get caught dancing naked in front of the mirror or sticking your booger under the table?
Would you rather Be chased by angry bulls or hungry sharks?
Would you rather Get locked inside an amusement park with a celebrity or your girlfriend/boyfriend?
Would you rather Publish your diary or make a movie based on your most embarrassing moment?
Would you rather Be with someone who has lots of money or a good heart?
Would you rather Get married to the love of your life or be the richest person in the world?
Would you rather Stay up all night to babysit a crying baby or an irritating family member?
Would you rather Jump off a cliff without a parachute or go deep sea diving without oxygen?
Would you rather Stand in the rain to serenade a girl/guy or get drunk and hookup with the hottest girl/guy?
Would you rather Dress in designer clothes for a month or get kissed by the hottest girl/guy?
Would you rather Get everything you have ever asked for (material things) or find the love of your life?
Would you rather Play video games/go shopping or hangout with your friends?
Would you rather Save the world from an alien invasion or a meteor?
Would you rather Be a character in the movies 'the hangover' or 'the holiday'?
Would you rather Live around a noisy neighbor or a nosy neighbor?
Would you rather Date someone who is 10 years younger than you or someone who is 10 years older?
Would you rather Marry someone who your parents choose for you or spend the rest of your life single?
Would you rather Not have sex for a year and then have great sex or have horrible sex for a full year?
What would you do if you had this week to do over again, what would you do differently?
What would you  do in life if you knew you could not fail?
What would you dodo if you did not have to work?
What would you do if you found out you only had two weeks to live, what would you want to do? (Or cross off your bucket list?)
What would you do if you are at a friend or relative’s house for dinner and you find a dead insect in your salad, what would you do?
What would you do if you saw someone being mugged in the street, what would you do?
What would you do if you did not have to work?
What would you do if you had a million dollars?
What would you do in life if you knew you could not fail?
As a child, what did you wish to become when you grew up? (A good conversation starter indeed!)
If you were sent to live on a space station for three months and only allowed to bring three personal items with you, what would they be?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three items would you want to have with you?
What are one truth and one lie about your personality? Let the others guess which is what?
What book, movie or video have you seen/read recently you would recommend? Why?
When you were a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
Would you rather be stranded on an island alone or with someone you absolutely hate? Why?
You wouldn’t be caught dead, where?
What is the most bizarre encounter you have had in life (at work, personal, from travel, with friends)?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
If you had a time machine that would work only once, what point in the future or in history would you visit? Why?
What is your favorite hobby?
What outdoor activities do you like to do?
What is one favorite thing you do by yourself?
What is your favorite sport or physical activity?
What crazy activities do you dream of trying someday?
What is your idea of fun?
What two things do you consider yourself to be very good at?
What two things do you consider yourself to be very bad at?
If money and time was no object, what would you be doing right now?
What is something you hate doing? Why?
What is something you love doing? Why
What is a hidden talent you have?
What was one new experience you tried that was completely unknown or uncomfortable to you at the time you tried it?
What is your hidden talent?
Are you a morning person or a night person? Why?
Are you sunrise, daylight, twilight, or night? Please share why you picked your time of day?
How do you like to spend a rainy day?
Why do you like living in this area?
Do you believe in extraterrestrials or life on other planets?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you have any hidden talents?
Do you have any phobias?
Do you have any relatives in jail?
Do you like pickles? Why or why not?
Do you untie your shoes when you take them off?
Do you like coffee or tea?
What did you enjoy most about school?
What is your morning ritual like?
Of all the places you have lived/visited, what was the one you like the best? Why?
What was one new experience you tried that, at the time, was completely unknown or uncomfortable to you?
What was the best compliment you received?
Who was your childhood hero? why?
Who was your enemy or the bully when you were young?
Who was your favorite grade school/high teacher?
Who was your favorite music group in high school?
Who were two role models you looked up to as a kid?
Which was the funniest prank played on you or played by you?
What was the best thing that happened to you this past week?
What was the happiest moment in your life?
What was the most fun thing you did your senior year of school?
What was the most important event in your life?
What was the worst advice you received on marriage before you were married?
What was the worst roommate you ever had like?
What was your favorite bedtime story as a child?
What was your favorite book growing up?
What was your favorite childhood injury?
What was your favorite movie as a child?
What was your favorite musical group when you were in Junior High?
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon as a child?
What was your most embarrassing moment in High School?
What was your worst (or funniest) dating experience?
Was there ever a time when you were frightened for your life?
Which of your country’s leaders was your favorite?
When you were little, who was your favorite superhero and why?
Do you prefer candy or ice cream?
If given a chance, which person would you like to be for a day? Or who would you like to exchange roles with?
If money were no object what would your dream home look like?
If money were no object where would you shop for clothes?
If money were no object would you prefer domestic help or would you cook and clean yourself?
What are the names of three exotic countries you would like to visit?
What is the one thing you would really like to own? Why?
Where do you live and why do you like to live there?
What is one exotic country you would like to visit? What you would do there?
What are your ten favorite foods?
What is your favorite book?
What is your favorite bumper sticker?
What is your favorite line from a film?
What is the name of your favorite pet?
What is your favorite piece of art? (It does not need to be famous)
What is your favorite smell? What memory does it remind you of?
What is your favorite style of music?
What is your favorite town/city in the world? Why?
What is your favorite material object that you already own?
Who is your favorite cousin? Why is he/she your favorite?
Who is your favorite grandparent? Why is he/she your favorite?
If you could get away with it, what family member would you kill off and why?
Which bad habits of other people drive you crazy?
Which body part would you choose to get a tattoo done?
Were you ever drunk?
What is your pet peeve?
Which song reminds you of an ex and why?
How can you tell if someone is a nerd?
If you were running for office what would your campaign slogan be?
Is there a place where you would not be caught dead? Where?
Is there anything you absolutely refuse to do under any circumstances?
What are three words that describe the most perfect kiss you have had?
What are you passionate about?
What city in America should not be included on a map, why?
What is one thing that drives you crazy?
What “critter” scares you the most?
What do you do to have fun?
What do you dream about at night?
What is a weird habit that you have?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done?
What is the first thing you notice about someone when you first meet?
What is the most unusual thing in your wallet, pocket, or purse right at this moment?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
What is your pet peeve in traffic?
What three things do you love about your friends? And three you could do without?
What turns you on creatively, spiritually or emotionally?
What is the most anti-establishment thing you have ever done?
What is the naughtiest present you have ever received?
What is the worst thing you did as a kid?
What is your pet peeve?
What is the naughtiest thing you have done in school?
What is the one thing, you can’t live without?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten?
If you were the Miss World, what would your message for aspiring models be?
What is your idea for de-stressing?
Can you share one quote or saying you love, that keeps you going in life?
Food for soul or music for soul? Why?
If you could go back in time and change history, what would you change? Why?
If you had one day to live over again, what day would you pick?
If you knew you were going to die in 24 hours, what three things would you do in the time you had left?
If you woke up as (name any famous personality), what is the first thing you would do?
If you were mayor for the day, what three things would you change about your city?
If your house was burning down, what three objects would you try and save?
If your plane was about to crash, who would you want sitting next to you?
What do you consider the most important event of your life so far?
What do you consider your greatest achievement?
What do you think the secret to a good life is?
What do you value most in life?
What gift have you received that you will always treasure?
What is your motto in life? (Now this one’s an icebreaker question to get to know someone.)
What would you like to be known for?
Describe a real-life situation where you stood up for someone/something.
Describe one experience you have had where you took a huge leap of faith.
Describe one past action (big or small) you took to improve the quality of your life.
Describe your own outlook on life in six words.
What one thing do you think would create peace in the world?
What product would you refuse to promote?
What is the one thing you can’t live without?
What is the one thing for which you would most like to be remembered after your death?
What is the best thing that has ever happened to you?
What is important to you in your life right now?
What is the one movie that you can quote the most? How much of it can you quote?
Have you been told you look like someone famous?
Have you purchased a burial plot?
How are you like your mom? Your dad?
If I gave you $10,000, what would you spend it on?
If someone made a movie of your life would it be a drama, a comedy, a romantic-comedy, action film, or science fiction?
If they made a movie of your life, what would it be about, and which actor would you want to play you?
If you could buy any island in the world, how would you describe your island?
If you could max out your credit card at any store, what store would you choose?
If you had to be allergic to something, what would it be?
If you HAD to change your name, what would you change it to?
If you walked in your sleep, where would you go?
If you were a candy bar, which candy bar would you be? Share why.
If you were a cartoon, which one would you prefer being?
If you were a city, which city would you choose and why?
If you were a superhero, what would your super-name be? What would your superpower be?
If you were to name one piece of clothing that describes you, what would you say?
If you were to write a book about yourself, what would you name it?
If you woke up tomorrow as an animal, what animal would you choose to be and why?
What compliment do people give you the most?
What do you think is the perfect age? Why?
What favorite color are you and how does being that color make you feel? (Example, I am purple.)
What historical (non-Biblical) figure interests you the most?
What is a typical day like for you?
What is one funny trait you have, that you would like others to know about?
What is one thing that not many people know about you?
What is one thing you miss about being a kid?
What is that one thing which makes you different?
What is the meaning of your name?
What makes a good friend?
What makes you feel more secure?
What song reminds you of an incident in your life?
What will you be like when you are 75?
What word would you add to the dictionary if you could and what would it mean?
What would be a perfect afternoon for you?
What would you change about your appearance?
What is your favorite dish to cook for friends? For just you?
What is your favorite book?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite thing to do in the summer?
Where did you live between the ages of 9 and 12?
Where do/did your parents live?
Where is your bloodline originally from?
Which actor is over-hyped?
Which letter of the alphabet describes you best? (Interesting, isn’t it?)
Which person in your life do you most admire? Why?
Who has been the greatest influence in your life?
Who is the best friend you have at this point in your life?
Who is the famous person you would have loved to be born as?
Who is the last person you would want to see before you die?
Who is the most famous person you have met?
Who is the most influential person in the world today?
Who is the person closest to you?
Who is the worst actor in Hollywood?
Who is your best friend from your home town?
Who is your favorite author/celebrity?
Whom would you call for bail money?
Who’s your favorite cartoon character, and why?
What is one funny trait you have, that you would like others to know about?
How old is the oldest pair of shoes in your closet?
What is the best gift you ever received?
What is the best gift your hubby (or someone) ever gave you?
What is the best thing your mother-in-law ever did to/for you?
What is the hardest thing you have ever done?
Weirdest thing you have ever eaten?
What do you do first thing in the morning?
What do you think is the greatest invention in your lifetime and why?
What is your least favorite sport to play/watch?
What item, that you don’t have already, would you most like to own?
What is your most favorite purchase?
What is the funniest daily horoscope you have read?
What is the funniest pick up line used on you?
What is the funniest prank ever played on you?
What was the best museum/gig/play/game you have ever been to?
What was the most terrifying situation you have ever been in?
What was the worst thing you ever had to wear to school?
What was the worst/weirdest haircut you have ever had?
When did you have your first kiss? Who was it?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What was the most outlandish/wild thing you ever did? Tell us about it.
What is the most beautiful thing you have ever seen in nature?
What is the most fun thing you did in school?
What is the kindest thing that someone has ever done for you?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten?
What is the worst thing your mother ever made you eat as a child?
What is your earliest memory?
What is your funniest family story?
What two words best describe you?
What is the most recent movie/book that you have seen/read?
What is the silliest thing you have heard people say about you?
What is the worst haircut you have ever had?
What is the best compliment you have ever received?
What is the bravest thing you have ever done?
What is the funniest daily horoscope you have read?
What is the funniest pick up line used on you?
What is the funniest prank ever played on you?
What is the worst thing you did as a kid?
What is the silliest thing you have heard people say about you?
What was the worst roommate you ever had like?
What was the funniest, silliest, or wackiest status you have put up on a social networking site?
